Two days after Harry had first awakened woken, he was considered healthy enough to start helping around the school. He would have had thought building a castle would have proven more challenging, but it was simple work. Salazar would bring the stone, Rowena would give a guideline of where the walls should go, Helga would lay the mortar and Harry would levitate the bricks into place. According to Helga, the rate at which they were laying the stone had nearly doubled from before Harry arrived. The walls would be finished in a few short weeks. After that, they would begin working on the interior.

There was still much a lot to do, for. wWalls did not make a school. There was so much that needed to be added before students arrived. Some of the construction would probably take place in between classes over the next few months. Rather quickly, Salazar had forbidden Harry from making suggestions. “If you ARE are from another time,” he reasoned. “Then anything you suggest may alter the timeline. It's best you just help out.”

So Harry pretty much just followed what Rowena told him to do. It was mostly placing brick after brick, but it was easy work. He spent a lot of time talking with the ladies as they worked. It was different from reading about them in history books and Hermione’s one-sided discussions about them. He always felt disconnected from them. They were just characters in time. Now, however, he was conversing with them.

“So where’s Godric?” Harry asked one day. “I thought H he’d be here.”

Both Helga and Rowena looked at Harry curiously. “Who might that be?” Rowena asked. This had happened a few times, the founders giving Harry odd looks when he mentioned someone or something. Much of their confusion, Harry could understand; Merlin was after their time. But now Harry was confused.

“Godric Gryffindor,” he said, looking up from the brick he was levitating into place. “The other founder of the school.”

The looks of confusion on their faces deepened. “There are no other founders,” Helga stated. She looked worried for Harry. “It was only the three of us until you came along.”

“That can’t be right,” Harry said as his mind fished back to what he knew about this time. “In the history books, it says that he helped build the school. A quarter of the students are in a group named after him.” The looks of confusion on Helga and Rowena’s faces served to confuse him all the more.

“He doesn’t exist,” came Salazar’s voice. He was bringing in a fresh batch of stone for the trio. “He never has, or not as of yet. We have met many people in preparation for the school’s opening and we have not encountered anyone with the name of Gryffindor.”

“But he’s your friend,” Harry argued. “He built the school with you 
