Two days after Harry had first awakened, he was considered healthy enough to start helping around the school. He would have thought building a castle would have proven more challenging, but it was simple work. Salazar would bring the stone, Rowena would give a guideline of where the walls should go, Helga would lay the mortar and Harry would levitate the bricks into place. According to Helga, the rate at which they were laying the stone had nearly doubled from before Harry arrived. The walls would be finished in a few short weeks. After that, they would begin working on the interior.

There was still much to do, for walls did not make a school. There was so much that needed to be added before students arrived. Some of the construction would probably take place in between classes over the next few months. Rather quickly, Salazar had forbidden Harry from making suggestions. “If you ARE from another time,” he reasoned. “Then anything you suggest may alter the timeline. It's best you just help out.”

So Harry just followed what Rowena told him to do. It was mostly placing brick after brick, but it was easy work. He spent a lot of time talking with the ladies as they worked. It was different from reading about them in history books and Hermione’s one-sided discussions about them. He always felt disconnected from them. They were just characters in time. Now, however, he was conversing with them.

“So where’s Godric?” Harry asked one day. “I thought he’d be here.”

Both Helga and Rowena looked at Harry curiously. “Who might that be?” Rowena asked. This had happened a few times, the founders giving Harry odd looks when he mentioned someone or something. Much of their confusion, Harry could understand; Merlin was after their time. But now Harry was confused.

“Godric Gryffindor,” he said, looking up from the brick he was levitating into place. “The other founder of the school.”

The looks of confusion on their faces deepened. “There are no other founders,” Helga stated. She looked worried for Harry. “It was only the three of us until you came along.”

“That can’t be right,” Harry said as his mind fished back to what he knew about this time. “In the history books, it says that he helped build the school. A quarter of the students are in a group named after him.” The looks of confusion on Helga and Rowena’s faces served to confuse him all the more.

“He doesn’t exist,” came Salazar’s voice. He was bringing in a fresh batch of stone for the trio. “He never has, or not as of yet. We have met many people in preparation for the school’s opening and we have not encountered anyone with the name of Gryffindor.”

“But he’s your friend,” Harry argued. “He built the school with you. He’s the reason students even know which group they belong to. He’s the one that convinced you to let muggle-borns attend the school.”

“I don’t know what to tell you,” Salazar said as he guided the floating bricks to the side of the corridor. He leaned against the wall to rest. Helga and Rowena seemed ready for a rest, too. “Before you came here, we had no help. The three of us built the majority of the castle ourselves. We are willing to select the students for each house ourselves. I don’t know why I would say muggle-borns aren’t allowed here. I will say this, though. If you want a Godric Griffin, then you have to take up the mantle yourself.”

“That’s absurd,” Harry replied, wondering how there couldn’t be a Godric. “You’d be asking me to take up the role of one of the most powerful and knowledgeable people in history. I’m only twenty years old.”

“Well, you are rather knowledgeable,” Helga said. “That is if you are from another time. I’m still not entirely convinced. In any case, if you are, and if there’s no Godric Gryffindor, then it makes sense that you would be him.”

Harry was starting to get a headache. When they started recruiting professors, they would finally meet the real Godric.
Later, Helga had gone off to assist the house-elves with dinner. She enjoyed cooking and, unlike many other magicals, loves to cook along with them. Rowena and Salazar were going over the castle’s plans and Harry was trying to make sense of things. For years, he had learned of Godric and the other founders. They were four friends that had decided to Start a school together. They built the castle together. They taught together. Didn’t they? If Godric wasn’t here, then he must have come to the school later. Or, it was someone that had taken the name.

Lost in thought, Harry didn’t notice Rowena approaching him. “He trusts you more than he lets on,” She said, handing Harry a goblet of wine. “Salazar does. While he has his doubts about you being from so long in the future, he knows you believe you are.” She stood nearby and gazed out the window as well. “He won’t admit this, but he’s afraid you being right. If you are, then that means our lives are set in stone. You will already know our futures and nothing we do will change that.”

“I don’t know about that,” Harry said. “For nine years, we learned about the founders in class. Always, we were told about four founders. Then I get here and find that one of them never existed. If that doesn’t show that history can change, I don’t know what does.”

“He doesn’t see it like that,” she said. “The way he sees it, you’re either the fourth founder you spoke of or-”

“Out of my mind,” Harry interrupted. “I’ve seen the way you three look at me. Like you think I’m about to have a fit or something.”

“You have to see it from our point of view,” Rowena replied, slightly taken aback. “A man we have never seen before showed up and started saying he was from the future. Then goes on to talk about us as historical figures. You then went on to tell us all about a friend of ours we had never heard of. It’s not that we want to think you unstable, it’s just that the alternative is,” She paused. “Terrifying.”

“I can see that,” Harry said, still not looking up. “But from my perspective, I lived my whole life this far. I went to school, courted girls. I fought in a war! I’m supposed to be married in a few months and even have a three-year-old godson. If none of that was real, then who am I? Is my whole life a lie?”

Rowena didn’t know how to respond to that. “I don’t know, Harry,” she said. “But whatever the truth is, we’ll be there for you.”



The next day was set to be a big one. It would be the first time a student ever steps foot inside Hogwarts. The students, their parents, and several of the professors would get to tour the school and the grounds. There was still much to do before the term started, but the walls were built and three floors were almost completely furnished.

More students showed up than he had expected. While it was a far cry from the three hundred students that attended alongside Harry, but there were still around a hundred or so, ranging in age from eleven to fifteen. According to Salazar, at sixteen, people were usually sent off to work. They all gathered in what would one day be the clock tower courtyard. Students and parents alike were looking around with wide eyes, taking everything in.

“I am pleased you were all able to make it,” Salazar said from the stairs. “In just a few moments, we will head into the school and you can see where the next generation of witches and wizards will learn about magic, what it is, and how to use it. But first, we have a few words.

“For generations, our children have been educated, not in any school, but by our parents and their parents… now, a new era dawns, where parents may rest assured that their children will have the best education that our society can give. A structured curriculum will be followed so that students are able to retain the information passed to them. Rather than have one person teach  many topics, we plan to have separate professors that specialize in one area. An area they are able to teach well.

“In the beginning, we will only teach a few core subjects, but as the school grows in size, more subjects will be added. This year’s subjects will include charms, transfiguration, history of magic, potions, runes, plant studies,  and, as an elective, wizarding and muggle etiquette. This may seem  like a heavy course load for some, but the courses will be broken down into shorter segments.”

Salazar then told them how the school had come to be. He left out the part of Rowena’s dreams but told of coming across this location. 
After a while, he led the crowd in. Through various passageways and corridors, he led to the Great Hall, which would be the first leg of their journey. Everyone was led in through a side door and into the hall proper. The ceiling was not enchanted yet, but it still took everyone’s breath away. The high, arched ceiling made the room seem cavernous.

From there, he led through the school, showing off the various areas, such as the library, the classrooms, the dorms, and the grounds. It was hours later that they heard a bell and Salazar led the large group back to the Great Hall, where Helga and the elves had prepared a feast. Harry sat with the founders at the head table to eat.

Salazar seemed blown away. “Look at that,” he said, indicating the hundred families that packed the hall to its breaking point. “Five years ago, I never imagined we’d have this room so full. This is what this hall will look like every day.” He seemed more emotional than Harry had seen him before. “Of course you’ve seen it like this before, haven’t you?” he asked Harry.

“I have,” Harry said, looking out at the families eating together and talking excitedly. “Many times. I spent much of my teenage years at that table,” He pointed to what would be the Gryffindor table. “While I do have… bad memories here, this is also where I would spend some of my fondest memories.”

Salazar was quiet for a minute before speaking up. “I’ve been thinking. Whether or not you really are from… elsewhere, we could use another professor. As it stands there are the three of us and two others to teach a large group. Up until now, we have only taught small groups. Is there anything you can teach?”

Harry almost choked on the chicken he had been eating. Teach? At Hogwarts? “Well, I taught defense one year when the professor that was supposed to teach it refused to. I taught probably thirty students how to properly defend themselves”

“Would you like to teach your own defense class?” Salazar seemed relieved that he wasn’t asking someone with zero experience. “Before you answer, however, If you do, I ask you do under the name Godric.”

This time, Harry did start choking. It took him a few minutes to remain his composure. “Salazar, I’m not-”

Salazar spoke over him. “There is no Godric Gryffindor. If you really are from where you say you are, then an entire being you have studied has been erased from history. What does that mean for the rest of history? If, however, you are not from that time, then what does it matter what name you use?”

“And what if the real Godric shows up?” Harry asked. “I would be an imposter.”

“If someone does show, saying they are Godric, then he shall take his place if he desires and I will admit I was wrong.” (This feels choppy)

Harry sighed. “Alright, I’ll take it. But as soon as the real Godric shows up, I’m just Harry again.”



A lot has happened in the last few days. After saying that there was nothing wrong with me, Helga, Rowena and Salazar enlisted my help with building. It’s easy work and I’M HELPING TO BUILD HOGWARTS!     And I don’t mean the repairs we made after the battle. Walls are being built for the first time. Classrooms I have learned magic in are being created. Did you know that the room that Professor McGonagall teaches in used to be two classrooms? I guess they tore down a wall later. I know this because we made that wall today. This is crazy! I’m not even all that interested in history, but to see it built, to BUILD it! Just wow.

I was looking forward to meeting Godric Gryffindor, but the other three have no idea who he even is. They’re unsure if I really am from the future and think that Godric may be someone my mind constructed. I think they’re coming around a bit, as I know basic spells they have never heard of. It was weird to teach Salazar Slytherin how to cast a shield charm.

This whole experience has been surreal. It’s been amazing! But even though we had the great hall packed yesterday for a Hogwarts tour, I feel… I dunno, alone? I miss having my friends to talk to. I miss flying on my broom and practicing quidditch. I know I sound like I’m whining, but being separated from my normal life is more difficult than I would have expected.

It looks like I’m going to be teaching at Hogwarts. Salazar wants me to teach defense and Helga and Rowena are all for it. They want me to teach under Godric’s name, though. Their reasoning makes sense, but I’m not Godric. What is he going to say when he finds out some twenty-year-old is posing as him. Sure, I can fight, but I don’t know if I could hold my own against Godric freaking Gryffindor.

On a side note, I have used his name more in the last week than I did in the last year at Hogwarts.

I plan to go try and find Sirius sometime this week. I don’t know where to begin looking, even. I’ll talk to Salazar and see if he knows where to start.

I wanted to add a scene with Ron and Hermione, but I think I’ll make chapter four just them.
