Chapter 4:
Missing

Hermione was finishing her shift at the ministry when she heard a soft knock at the door. It had been a long day. Apart from not being well-rested, she had to work through a mountain of paperwork. 

While she was excited to be fighting for house-elf rights, it entailed far more forms and files than she had expected. Still, she felt as if she had gone from a social justice warrior to a mere paper pusher.

“Granger,” came a familiar voice. “Minister Shacklebolt has asked me to inform you that your hearing about house-elf wages has been scheduled for next Thursday.”

“Thank you,” she said, looking up from her scribbled notes. “Is dinner still on for tonight?”

“When has my mum ever canceled a family dinner?” Percy laughed. “It looks like we’ll be eating outside. She’s invited everyone.”

“I don’t think she knows what a small meal is,” Hermione joked. “By everyone you mean-”

“Everyone she considers the family, you, Harry, Neville, Luna, Andromeda, and Teddy. I halfway expect Kingsley to be there.”

“Honestly, it wouldn’t surprise me,” Hermione said as she got up from her desk. “She loves a full house.”

“Have you seen Harry today?” Percy asked. “Ron said he didn’t turn up, today. He’s not really known for skipping work.”

“I haven’t,” Hermione admitted.

“Apparently he was logged coming in last night, no idea why. The thing is he never left. Or at least there’s no log of it.”

“Could he be in his office? I know he’s been rather off lately. Yesterday was five years since Sirius died.”

“That could be the case,” Percy said as he walked Hermione to the atrium. “He hasn’t been to his house. Ginny went to check on him and the entire place was empty.”

Hermione frowned. “It’s probably painful for him. I mean it was Sirius’ house before Harry inherited it.” 

Percy hadn’t thought of that. “Well, he might be at dinner today. If not, we can go look for him. Poor guy is probably trying to forget his troubles. I’ll check the Hog’s Head when my shift ends.”

Hermione nodded, worried. “We’ll find him. Like you said. He probably drank too much and passed out. I just hope he’s not been mugged.”



Ron sighed as he put a disgruntled man in a ministry holding cell. It wasn’t that he didn’t like being paired with Seamus while on duty, on the contrary, Seamus was more than capable and usually knew how to make work less boring.

When Harry and Ron joined the auror force, it was with the understanding that they would work together as a team. Very rarely did either of them not show up, but when they did, the other was told beforehand. Today was odd, though. Harry did not tell Ron he would be away. Ron had arrived to work and waited for Harry, but he had never shown up. Instead, he was partnered with Seamus for their raids on possible Death Eater homes.

He then heard from Ginny that she didn’t find him at Grimmauld Place. It was too early for Ron to get too worried, but he did wonder where Harry was.

“You alright, mate?” Seamus asked as they headed upstairs to their offices.

“Yeah,” Ron said, trying not to sound concerned. “It’s just that I’ve not heard from Harry at all today. Normally he at least checks in with Ginny, but she hasn’t heard anything from him, either.

“I’m sure he’ll turn up,” Seamus said. “No need to worry about it, you know? Come on, I’ll buy a beer after work.”

“As much as I’d love to,” Ron said, rubbing his temples. “I’ve gotta get home. ‘Mione and I were rudely awoken last night and I think I need a nap before dinner.”

“You must be exhausted,” Seamus laughed. “I don’t think I’ve ever seen you take a nap before you eat.”

“Come off it,” Ron laughed, giving Seamus a shove. “You would need to rest before a meal if you have ever tried Hermione’s cooking.”

The two got into one of the lifts. “Hey, you’re the one that married her,” Seamus quipped.

“Best mistake I’ve ever made.”



Ginny left Grimmauld place for the third time that day. Where was Harry? She was trying not to worry, but she hadn’t heard from him in two days. With him working and attending Ron’s quidditch practice the day before, he hadn’t had time to visit her. Wondering where he could possibly be, she apparated to The Burrow.



Dinner was, as usual, a noisy affair. The last time the house had been that busy was during Bill and Fleur’s wedding three years before. All along the long table, people conversed and laughed. Mrs. Weasley seemed to be in her element, running up and down the table, ensuring everyone had enough food and drink. She didn’t take a seat until Mr. Weasley had threatened to not eat at all until she settled down.

“Where’s Harry?” Luna asked from beside Ron. “Was he unable to make it?”

“We don’t really know,” Hermione admitted. “He was at the Cannon’s practice, but no one has seen him since. It’s possible that he just wants to be left alone for a bit.”

“Why would he want that?” Ron asked, for once managing to swallow his food before he spoke. “We’re his friends, aren't we?”

“Yesterday was the five-year anniversary of Sirius’ death, Ron.” Hermione gave him a look that said, ‘don’t be inconsiderate.’ 

“Oh,” Ron said, rather lamely. “Wait, if he was so torn up about Sirius, then why did he pull such an unbelievable prank on us like that?”

“What prank?” Ginny asked. She hadn’t heard of it.

Hermione gave Ron a sharp look. “Last night, we were woken up by a house-elf that took us to the Room of Requirement at Hogwarts. There was this book that Harry had written claiming he had been sent back in time. I won’t lie, with the setup, he sort of had me at the start, but then he started saying he was building Hogwarts and that he was going to be taking the place of Godric Gryffindor.” 

“That sounds more like something George and…” Ginny swallowed as if there was a lump in her throat. “The twins would do.”

“Definitely not,” George scoffed. “We would have made it more believable. Like we found a secret passage into Honeydukes or something.”

“But there is a secret passage to Honeydukes,” Hermione corrected.

“Wait,” Percy spoke up. “You mean that was true? I thought you two were just having a laugh.”

“We were,” George said. “Your look of disbelief was priceless.”

Percy ignored him and turned back to Hermione. “If he doesn’t turn up by tomorrow, we should all go looking. Lately, there have been too many reports of people going missing.

Everyone agreed with that.



“I don’t get it,” Ginny said, stressed out. “Where could he be?”

It was the end of the next day. There were no leads to Harry’s whereabouts. The only thing they did have was the record of Harry entering, but not leaving the ministry. Ron had asked permission to hold a search of the building, but his request had been denied.

“At this time,” head auror Dawlish had said,” We have to assume he’s just avoiding people. I cannot approve of anything for the time being.”

They had checked the Hog’s Head, the Three Broomsticks, the Leaky Cauldron, and all of the wizarding apartments. They had searched all the buildings in Diagon Alley and even a few in Knockturn Alley. They found nothing.

“I do hope he’s alright,” Hermione mumbled worriedly, “there’s no telling where he could have gone.
“The only place I can think of is the Room of Requirement,” Ron said. “That dang book.” When everyone looked at him funny, he continued. “What if it has some kind of clue as to where he is?”

“That book is a humorless prank,” Hermione snapped. “There’s no telling when he set that up. For all we know, it could have been made when we were still in school.”

“Well right now we have nothing to go on,” Ron said, running a hand through his hair. “Isn’t it a bit weird that we found it at the same time he went missing? I know odd things happen  around him all the time, but that would have to be one hell of a coincidence.” 

“I’m telling you, Ron,” Hermione sighed. “that book probably has got nothing to do with this. We should keep looking.” 

“Look where?” Ron demanded. “If you have any ideas, I’m all ears. But right now, my best mate is missing and I’ll do what it takes to find him. Even if that means reading his ‘I’m Godric freaking Gryffindor’ book.”

“Fine,” Hermione agreed with an impatient sigh. “But then we’re going to do some real searching.”



“Is this it?” Ginny asked as she flipped open the cover of the book. “It looks awfully old.”
Of course, it is, Harry needed the book to look believable. He probably used some spell to age it,” Hermione said, flopping onto the sofa that was beside the fire. With a quick flick of her wand, the fireplace roared to life. “Right. Let’s get this over with.”

Not a long chapter, but I barely had any Ron and Hermione last chapter. Thanks again to Samarth for putting up with me and correcting my many mistakes. Someone really needs to pay that boy.

-Samarth


Nice try.
-Wagasani
