A friendly reminder that I own nothing.

Please note that I use the modern names for places and not the names from the era. Lundenburh just seems confusing.

The inhabitants of London were all indoors as the rain poured mercilessly. Those that were out hurried along to get to where they were going. Water flooded the streets and threatened to enter into people’s houses. Anyone able sought higher ground. No one noticed a hooded figure that moved down the street. It seemed to be checking the houses as if looking for something. The cloaked figure constantly whispered to itself, likely issuing a curse upon the inhabitants of the houses it passed.



“Dammit!” Harry cursed as he stepped in a puddle that smelled like sewage. “Why can’t these people just dump their crap somewhere besides the street?” He shook his head as he approached the next house in the line. “And would it kill them to make home addresses? It’s difficult enough to know where I’m going.” He continued to grumble as he continued to search.

It was Harry’s third day looking for Sirius. Twice before he had come to London in search, but had thus far been unsuccessful. He wasn’t, however, about to give up. If he had to go to London every day in search, then that was what he would do. He had gone a thousand years back in time, albeit unintentionally, and there was no way he was going to give up on Sirius.

He seemed to be in the right area but was unable to determine which of the houses, if any, was the one he had come to visit. Hoping to get some information, as well as get out of the rain, Harry entered a tavern.

The building was nearly empty. At a far table was a man that seemed ready to fall over. The only other inhabitant was the barkeeper. He leaned against a supporting post and took deep draws of a tobacco pipe. As Harry approached, the barkeeper eyed him warily.

"No running tabs for outsiders," he said, puffing some of the foul smoke in Harry's direction. "Pay first, then you can have a drink." Harry was unfazed by the look of distrust the man gave him. With how fickle the wizarding community had been towards him, he was used to it.

“I’m looking for someone,” Harry said, placing a few coins on the counter. “A man with hair as dark as his name.”

The barkeeper raised an eyebrow. “Are you trying to be all mysterious or something? If you don’t tell me who you’re looking for, I can’t help you.”

Harry sighed. “I’m looking for a man that came to London about five years ago. A man named Sirius Black.”

“Sirius Black, eh?” The barkeep leaned in, taking another draw from his tobacco. “And what might you need him for?”

“I represent a business that will be opening soon.” Harry shrugged. “We’ve heard he may be what we’re looking for. If he is, we may seek to employ him.”

“Uh-huh,” The man said, disbelieving. “How about this? You come back tomorrow. If he wants to speak to you, he’ll be here. If not… Well, then you can go on your happy way.”

Harry dug out a few more coins. “One hour,” he said.

“That’s hardly enough time to-”

“One hour,” Harry repeated as he headed for the door. “Tell him Godric is looking for him.”

As soon as the door shut behind  Harry, he apparated back to the castle. He was drenched from the rain, which made his landing more difficult. The ground seemed to lurch sideways and he fell to a heap on the grass. So much for his dramatic exit.

Picking himself up, he cast a heating charm on his clothes to dry them. 

After he was dry, he entered the castle and made his way to the Great Hall. Salazar, Rowena, and Helga were all there, sitting at one of the long tables, discussing last-minute changes to the layout. Not really joining in, Harry sat down with them. Had he done it? Had he actually found Sirius? He had been looking for three days and wasn’t sure how much longer it would take. If the man he was talking to was leading him on, then Harry would have to find more creative methods of finding Sirius.

What if he didn’t find Sirius? What if he had to live out his days with no reminder of the life he left? He didn’t know if he could handle that. He’d have to make that decision when it came to it. He would just have to hope for the best.

“Have you found him?” Rowena asked.

“Not yet,” Harry replied. “I have a possible lead, but that’s all. And even that may turn out false.”

“Well, if it does, there will always be other leads. Remember that there’s always hope until you give up.”

“I’m not giving up any time soon,” Harry stated. “I’m just tired of dead ends,”

“There may be a lot of those.” Salazar said. “But are you going to stop after only a few days of searching?”

“Not gonna happen,” Harry said firmly. “If I have to go through each and every house in London, then dammit, that’s what I’m gonna do!”

“That’s the spirit!” Helga cheered. “Don’t give up!”

The four looked over the plans for the castle. Within a week, at their rate of building, the castle should be complete. At the end of the hour, Harry got up and put his hood up. With a crack, he disappeared.

He had almost forgotten the total downpour, and was soaked nearly instantly. The room was now completely empty except for the barman, who like before, was relaxing. This time, the pipe was missing.

“I don’t know who you are, Mister Godric,” He said upon seeing Harry. “Mister Black does not usually meet visitors. Know this, while he may be willing to hear you, I will not hesitate to toss out you on your ear.” 

‘He’s just so nice,’ Harry thought derisively as he nodded. The barman pointed Harry to a side door and, gripping his wand, stepped through.

It was dark inside. Harry could see nothing but the silhouette of a man by the window. As soon as he spoke, Harry’s heart caught.

“What would the great Godric Gryffindor need with a man like me?” As Harry’s eyes adjusted, he could see Sirius glance in his direction then turn back to the window.

“We’re short on staff,” Harry said, almost in tears at Sirius’ voice for the first time in five years. “We need skilled individuals to keep the school running smoothly.”

“The school opens soon, does it not?” Sirius asked. “From what I hear, the four of you are far more than capable. What position would possibly be open for me?”

Harry realized that Sirius didn’t recognise Harry’s voice. A quick plan formulated in Harry’s mind. “We need a caretaker,” he said.

“A caretaker?” Sirius asked. “I’ve had numerous people over the last few days inform me that someone was here looking for me. I thought it was something more bloody important than Hogwarts needing a damn handyman! Pray tell, “Godric,” the word was spat from his mouth in disgust. “Why should I give up my job for you?”

“Because I am up to no good.” Harry said. “I solemnly swear it.”

This caused Sirius’ rant to stop in its tracks. He looked towards Harry, trying to see the obscured face. “H- Harry?”

“Hello, Sirius.” Harry said as he lowered his hood..

“Harry!” Sirius exclaimed. Within a second, he was engulfed in a hug. Harry’s eyes stung and, by the sniffling sound he heard from Sirius, he assumed Sirius’ did to. “Merlin’s beard! What are you doing here? I never thought I’d see you again!”

“I had to see if I could bring you back,” Harry said. “I couldn’t just accept that you were gone.”

Sirius led Harry to a seat and lit the fireplace, providing some much appreciated light and warmth. Harry told him everything. From what happened after Sirius fell through the veil, to Snape teaching defense, to the first Battle of Hogwarts, to Dumbledore’s death. He told Sirius about his year on the run and the Great Battle of Hogwarts.

“No one could really believe it at first,” Harry said, quietly. “One day the nation was cowering in fear. Voldemort was in control of everything. The Prophet was taking every shot at me they could. Hell, they even said that I was the dark lord and that Riddle was doing everything in his power to stop the evil Harry Potter.

“Then everyone woke up to the newspaper article saying that Voldemort had been killed once and for all. Once again, people changed their views of me overnight. Once more, I was the ‘ Golden Hero.’ The Boy-who-Lived and all that crap.

“I had really had enough of the public, but I still wanted to fight. I’d been trained for years to fight, so sitting idle didn’t suit me. I went and became an auror. They wanted to just put me onto the force, but I was sick of the special treatment. I told them I’d go through training just like everyone else.”

Sirius looked lost in thought, but Harry continued. “Ron and I were partners on the force. We probably caught more death eaters together than the rest of the force combined. Home life was good. Ginny and I got back together and-”

“Wait,” Sirius said. “You’re with Ginny?”

“Something wrong with that?” Harry gave Sirius a look that said ‘Don't try me.’

“No, it’s just- Well, I always thought you’d end up with Hermione.”

“Everyone says that,” Harry said. “But she and Ron always had a thing for each other. They’re already married. Ginny and I were scheduled to get married in a few months, but it looks like that’s shot.”

“What about Remus?” Sirius asked with a smile.

“Remus and Tonks,” Harry swallowed hard. “They were killed in the final battle. I’ve been watching their son on the weekends ever since.”

Sirius sobered up at that. “So he’s gone, too, I’m the last of the Marauders and I’m not even in the right millenium.” He sighed.

They sat in silence for a moment before Sirius spoke up again. “I showed up on the grounds of Hogwarts a few years ago. At that time, there was neither a castle nor anything else. I decided to go looking for the Ministry thinking that if I went through the veil again, I could go back. I got here to discover that the Ministry wasn't even formed yet. I was stuck. The only people I remembered from this time period were the Founders of Hogwarts and I doubt they can send us back.”

“They probably can’t,” Harry admitted. “But I am one of the founders, apparently. We may not be able to go home, but we may be able to make this our home. Even in our time, Hogwarts was our home. We can build it into the place we knew. 

“What do you mean you’re a founder?” Sirius asked.

Harry groaned, he didn’t want to tell Sirius this just yet. He briefly outlined  his past few days and explained that, as far as he was aware, Godric Gryffindor did not exist. He also added that Salazar had offered him a job as a Defense Against Dark Arts professor, and the caveat of using Godric’s name.

“My only teaching experience is with the DA.” Harry said. “And that was to get them ready for surviving a war. I don’t know anything about teaching a regular class.”

“So let me get this straight,” Sirius said. “You travelled back a thousand years but don’t bother looking for me until you have to teach?”

“I want it to be a good class,” Harry shrugged, grinning.

“You’re a jerk, you know it?” Sirius asked. “Wait… What does that mean for me?”

“Oh you’re still the caretaker.” Harry laughed. “But I may let you teach a class or two.”

“That’s not funny.” Sirius said.



Sirius looked up at the castle in wonder. He hadn’t seen it in years. It was like a breath of fresh air to see the familiar walls and towers. “I didn’t think I’d ever be back here,” he admitted.

“She’s a beauty,” Harry said with a smile. “I’ve spent the past week and a half making sure the school will be ready for the new term. There are still a few things left. We still need to furnish the dorms, our offices, some more classrooms and we still need to start hanging up the paintings. As of right now, we have thousands of them just laying around in the classrooms. They don’t really like that.”

“Sounds like you aren’t really ready to open yet,” Sirius said, taking the lead to the castle. 

“Oh there’s still quite a bit to do,” Harry said. “A lot of it will be done during the school year, but here is one thing I want your help with before the term begins.”

“And what might that be?” Sirius asked.

“The Room of Requirement.” Harry replied



“What do you mean we share a salary?” Sirius demanded. “We’re both going to be teaching, aren’t we?”

“I haven't seen either of you cast more than basic spells,” Salazar said. They were all sitting outside at a wooden table, enjoying the last week before students arrived. “I know the two of you have fought before, but we simply do not know your skill level, yet.

“What if we held a duel?” Sirius suggested. “Harry and I have a duel so you can see that we’re not just talking out of our hats!”

“Uhh, Sirius,” Harry said. “Spoilers!”

“Oh they’ll get it eventually.” Sirius said. “Anyway, will that show that we know what we’re doing?”

“Not really,” Salazar said, standing up. “We can do this, however. You two against the three of us.”

“Sirius,” Harry warned. “I hope you know what you’re doing.”

“No clue,” Sirius said. “But I won’t just stand here and pass up a challenge.”

“Then we’re in agreement,” Salazar said. If you defeat us, then you each get your own salary. If not, however, then you split a salary.

Minutes later, Harry stood by Sirius’ side, looking across at the other three founders. This was going to be intense!

Without a word, chaos descended. Harry and Sirius fought like maniacs individually, but together, they were a force to be reckoned with.

They began their dance, with astounding grace. Salazar shot off a Bone-Breaker at Harry that was readily deflected. Harry countered with a lightning fast Stupefy-Expelliarmus chain at Rowena, which were both deflected quickly, but not with the same grace as Salazar. 

The Two ladies teamed up, one covering the other. Rowena entered the fray with an obscure sickly yellow curse, that looked downright nasty. This attack nearly took Harry down, he did not expect to be attacked so quickly by Rowena.

Grinning widely, he started shooting spells like they were going out of fashion. He first shot a shield breaker which quickly took out Helga’s shield, and then attacked Rowena with a mild Diffindo which threw her out of the fight. Then he turned his attention towards Helga, who instead chose to respond with unheard of fury.

Helga started off with a dark cutter that would have maimed any ordinary man that was unfortunate enough to get caught in its path. Harry responded with a newer jinx that would disorient a person and make them feel very hungover. This put helga out of the fight too. Unfortunately, Harry was tiring and couldn't help Sirius much in his fight against Salazar.

Sirius, who until now, had held his own against Salazar, was slowly tiring. Harry, in a last ditch effort, went on the offensive against Salazar, but only managed a weak Protego that protected Sirius and allowed him to take the offensive.

Sirius then attacked Salazar with renewed vigor. He hit Salazar with a Leg locking jinx that made it impossible for Salazar to move without falling on his face. The final blow however was dealt by Harry. With a quick Stupefy, Salazar was out of the fight.

“Huh,” Harry said, breathing heavily fighting against the exhaustion that threatened to overwhelm him. “Full pay.”

“We win,” Sirius smirked before promptly falling face first in his soup.

As usual, I would like to thank Samarth for putting up with my countless typing errors. This fic would be Illegible, otherwise. Also for writing the duel scene. We switched roles and I became the editor. I am no good with fight scenes, but he rocked it!

I’d also like to thank everyone that has followed/favorited this fic, it really means a lot!
